[Docs] Update and Align Metric Reference (#16857)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/metrics.mdx

| `etcd_backend_read_requests`                    | counter     | etcd                | Number of read requests to the etcd database.                                                      |
| `etcd_backend_read_seconds`                     | histogram   | etcd                | Latency for etcd read operations.                                                                  |
| `etcd_backend_tx_requests`                      | counter     | etcd                | Number of transaction requests to the database.                                                    |
| `etcd_backend_tx_seconds`                       | histogram   | etcd                | Latency for etcd transaction operations.                                                           |
| `etcd_backend_write_requests`                   | counter     | etcd                | Number of write requests to the database.                                                          |
| `etcd_backend_write_seconds`                    | histogram   | etcd                | Latency for etcd write operations.                                                                 |

> | `firestore_events_backend_batch_read_requests`  | counter     | GCP Cloud Firestore | Number of batch read requests to Cloud Firestore events.                                           |

Reviewer: Should "GCP Cloud Firestore" (or just "Cloud Firestore") be "Google Cloud Firestore" here and below?

Author: Googling for "Google Cloud Firestore" and "GCP Cloud Firestore" both bring up the same results, while just "Cloud Firestore" bring up a less relevant first hit. Between "Google" and "GCP", I think we can trust the audience of this page to know that acronym, and tables like this are the place to be concise.

| `grpc_client_handled_total`               | counter | Teleport Proxy | Total number of RPCs completed on the client, regardless of success or failure.                                                 |
| `grpc_client_msg_received_total`          | counter | Teleport Proxy | Total number of RPC stream messages received on the client.                                                                     |
| `grpc_client_msg_sent_total`              | counter | Teleport Proxy | Total number of gRPC stream messages sent by the client.                                                                        |
| `proxy_connection_limit_exceeded_total`   | counter | Teleport Proxy | Number of connections that exceeded the proxy connection limit.                                                                 |
| `proxy_ssh_sessions_total`                | gauge   | Teleport Proxy | Number of active sessions through this proxy.                                                                                   |

> | `proxy_missing_ssh_tunnels`               | gauge   | Teleport Proxy | Number of missing SSH tunnels. Used to debug if nodes have discovered all proxies.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `proxy_missing_ssh_tunnels`               | gauge   | Teleport Proxy | Number of missing SSH tunnels. Used to debug if Nodes have discovered all Proxy Service instances.                                              |
```
